README.md, before:

# 🤖 - JorginhoBOT on Discord Uhu!

## ❔ To run what you need?

- [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [TypeScript LTS](https://www.npmjs.com/package/typescript)

## 🎉 Instaliing

To install run this command:

```shell
npm install
```

## ⚙️ Configuraing

To use this bot you need to create a discord bot aplication in [discord dev page](https://discord.com/developers/applications/) and create a **credencials.json** file in the jorginho src folder.

The **credencials.json** template:
```json
{
	"client_id": "<your-bot-client-id>",
	"client_secret": "<your-bot-client-secret>",
	"bot_token": "<the-bot-token>",
	"owner_id": ["<your-discord-id>"],
	"CMD_PREFIX": "!",
	"uri": "https://api-jorginhobot.herokuapp.com"
}
```

### 🛑 Atention

- You can user the default jorginho bot api to save custom command or you can make your own API.

## 💡 Compiling

After configuration you can run the compile command:

```shell
npm run compile
```

## 🔮 Running

To run the bot run this command:

```shell
npm run start
```

Commit message:

added invite bot session to docs

README.md, after:

# 🤖 - JorginhoBOT on Discord Uhu!

## ❔ To run what you need?

- [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [TypeScript LTS](https://www.npmjs.com/package/typescript)

## 🎉 Instaliing

To install run this command:

```shell
npm install
```

## ⚙️ Configuraing

To use this bot you need to create a discord bot aplication in [discord dev page](https://discord.com/developers/applications/) and create a **credencials.json** file in the jorginho src folder.

The **credencials.json** template:
```json
{
	"client_id": "<your-bot-client-id>",
	"client_secret": "<your-bot-client-secret>",
	"bot_token": "<the-bot-token>",
	"owner_id": ["<your-discord-id>"],
	"CMD_PREFIX": "!",
	"uri": "https://api-jorginhobot.herokuapp.com"
}
```

### 📩 Invite to your sever

Use this link to invite your bot on a server: https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=<your-bot-client-id>&scope=bot&permissions=1610087551

### 🛑 Atention

- You can user the default jorginho bot api to save custom command or you can make your own API.

## 💡 Compiling

After configuration you can run the compile command:

```shell
npm run compile
```

## 🔮 Running

To run the bot run this command:

```shell
npm run start
```
